Docs: Generate embeddings using Transformers.js (#16233)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/ai/concepts.mdx

  sidebar_label: 'Concepts',
}

> Embeddings are core to many AI and vector applications. This guide will cover these concepts. If you prefer to get started right away, see our guide on [Generating Embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Embeddings are core to many AI and vector applications. This guide covers these concepts. If you prefer to get started right away, see our guide on [Generating Embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings).
```
